Stated Clearly Advance
What is DNA?
What is the way it works
DNA is also known as deoxyribonucleic acid
It is a molecule
It is a group of atoms attached to each other
In the case of genetic material, these atoms are combined into a form
A long spiral staircase
Kind of like the one in the picture
If you have studied biology or watch the movie "The Guards", you have probably heard
DNA functions as the blueprint or recipe for the organism
but how?
How just a part can work as a blueprint for something useful
Wonderful like a tree
Dog or dinosaur
howling!
To answer the question
Let's take a quick look at amino acids
Amino acids are tiny chemicals in our bodies that are very important
It is often referred to as the basic building blocks of life
There are about twenty different species, each with its own unique shape
The great thing about amino acids is that they can be kind of bound together
Lego (a cubes game) and the production of an endless array of larger particles, these particles are called proteins
Amino acids make proteins
Proteins with other chemicals combine to form the living cell
The cell forms the tissue
The tissues form the organs
And the members
When combined together they work of course
You combine to form the organism as you and I
These proteins that make up our bodies, keep in mind that there are millions
Different types of proteins
Each must be perfectly crafted to work
Wrongly manufactured, it usually does not work
Here comes the role of DNA
DNA does a lot of exciting things
Some of them are still not fully understood
But one of the most important and most understandable functions is telling acid
Amino
How to line up and shape themselves in ideal shapes
For protein
theoretically
If the right protein is built at the right time and place
Everything from cell to organ to whole organism
He will be fine
Here is a simplified sample of DNA
It shows us that the steps of peace
It consists of four different types of chemicals shown in different colors
And characters
If you look at one half of the molecule
You can read this chemical sequence or the genetic code somewhat from top to bottom
Like the book
One strand of DNA
very long
Millions of characters
DNA spends most of the time wrapped like pasta inside the nucleus
The amino acids are found outside the nucleus in the so-called cytoplasm
To help DNA interact with the cytoplasm and convert those amino acids
Into proteins
Special chemicals inside the nucleus copy a portion of the DNA code
These partial copies are called RNA
DNA is very similar to DNA, but it is shorter and shorter of course
The other side
Their small size and shape allow the RNA to pass through small pores on the surface of the nucleus
To the cytoplasm to the mouth of another particle called a ribosome
Ribosomes are protein building machines
It reads the code in an RNA molecule three letters at a time
It absorbs amino acids from their surroundings and affixes them together in
Series according to the genetic code
As the chain grows bent, it twists and sticks to itself
To form an ideal protein
All three letters of the RNA code
The ribosome directs any of the twenty different amino acids a must
Next added
For example CAA makes ribosomes
Catches glutamine amino acid
As for the AGU, it tells the ribosome to catch the two thieves
And so on
Once the protein is made, it does many different things
From them it helps to create a new cell
New cell
So for the answer to the original question
What is DNA?
DNA is a molecular diagram of an organism
How it works?
DNA makes RNA
RNA synthesizes protein
And proteins go to make life
This whole process
Although it is complex and sophisticated
As charming as it may seem
Totally based on chemistry
Can be studied
And understanding it
Translation of Aasem allamki
clearly
thanks for watching
Share with friends on Facebook or Twitter
Or anywhere
Subscribe to us
If you have any questions or comments you can reply to those comments at
Department
Learn more about DNA at StatedClearly.com
www.StatedClearly.com
Til next time
Stay curious